feat: MFLT-10903 document bulk issue merge (#546)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/issue-management.mdx

In other words, a Trace is a single occurrence of a problem and an Issue is a
group of Traces manifesting the same problem.

> ### Grouping Traces into Issues

Reviewer: I left this alone because the 2022-08-31.mdx blog post linked to this header and i didn't want to break any other links

Reviewer 2: @Blisse We can also update the link in the blog post after this one goes live

If a backtrace for a Trace changed from A to B between two releases, two Issues
would likely be created. This is because the backtraces changed, and Memfault
cannot be 100% sure they are the same bug. The best practice is to merge the
Issues in this scenario.

## Issue States

There are four states an Issue can be in: Unresolved, Resolved, Merged, and
Muted.

All Issues are Unresolved by default when created.

A Resolved Issue is intended for Issues that are believed to be fixed. Memfault
will automatically alert you of a regression if this Issue is seen on a later
software version. See more below.

A Merged Issue has been merged into another Issue (the "parent"), and its Traces

> have been moved to the parent Issue. Its detail page displays a link to the
> parent Issue's detail page and only provides limited information. An Issue's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been moved to the parent Issue. The Merged Issue's detail page provides very limited information about the issue, and displays a link to the
parent Issue's detail page where more information is consolidated. An Issue's
```

something like this is a little clearer imo

  />
</p>

## Bulk Issue Merge

In addition to the Merge button on the Issue detail page, Issues can also be
merged in bulk from the Issue list page. After adding a filter for software
type, the Bulk Actions dropdown will be enabled, with a preview count of the
number of selected Issues. From there, you can select the Bulk Merge action to

> merge a selection of Issues, with the oldest one becoming the parent of all the
> others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
merge the selected Issues together. The oldest selected Issue will become the parent of all the others.
```

Issues can be selected for Bulk Merge in multiple ways:

- Execute an Issue search using the filter panel on the Issue list page
- Select individual Issues using the checkboxes in the Issue list table

> Note: a software type filter _MUST_ be applied in order to use Bulk Merge. Bulk

Reviewer: bold or italics? 😏
